Update CHARTER.md (#64)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: CHARTER.md

#### 1. Mission and Scope of the Technical Initiative

The Best Practices for OSS Developers working group is dedicated to 
- helping identify and curating an accessible inventory of best practices; 
- raising awareness; 
- and education of secure code best practices for open source developers.

#### 2. Technical initiative roles

> - a. The primary points of contact are:

Reviewer: Don't enshrine names in the charter, only roles. Making changes to the charter is A Thing. Instead, put the names in the README and/or add a link directing people to the current holders of the listed roles.

> - a. The primary points of contact are:

Author: ```suggestion
- a. The primary points of contact are the lead and co-lead of the working group, who are listed in the [README](https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/tree/xcorail-patch-1#governance)
```

>   - Working group lead: [Christopher "CRob" Robinson](https://github.com/RedHatCRob)
>   - Working group co-lead: [Xavier René-Corail](https://github.com/xcorail)

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - b. The Technical Initiative generally will involve Collaborators and Contributors. The working group may adopt or modify additional roles so long as the roles are documented in the Technical Initiative’s repository. Unless otherwise documented: 

Reviewer: Based on some of the Voting stuff below, as well as the duties listed for them, we should probably create a Team for the Collaborators then use that not only for setting merge permissions on the repo but also as a list for determining voting rights and quorum. If that's the way we decide to go, then we should probably define it in the doc somehow.

   - v. appointing representatives to work with other open source or open standards communities;

>  - f. The working group lead is responsible of

Reviewer: responsible for

>  - f. The working group lead is responsible of

Reviewer: There's a section for the responsibilities for the lead, but not for the co-lead. Probably should add that.

>  - f. The working group lead is responsible of

Author: ```suggestion
 - f. The working group lead is responsible for
```

   - i. facilitating discussions, seeking consensus, and where necessary, voting on technical matters relating to the Technical Initiative; and

   - ii. coordinating any communications regarding the Technical Initiative.
  
   - iii. approving and implementing policies and processes for contributing (to be published in the Technical Initiative repository) and coordinating with the Linux Foundation to resolve matters or concerns that may arise as set forth in Section 6 of this Technical Charter;

#### 3. Voting

> - a. While the Technical Initiative aims to operate as a consensus-based community, if any decision requires a vote to move the Technical Initiative forward, the working group will vote on a one vote per member basis.

Reviewer: To be consistent, most of these instances of "working group" should probably be changed to "Technical Initiative."

> - b. Quorum for working group meetings requires at least fifty percent of the average attendance of the working group to be present. 

Reviewer: This is…way, WAY too fuzzy for comfort. Maybe 50% of Collaborators?

> - b. Quorum for working group meetings requires at least fifty percent of the average attendance of the working group to be present. 

Author: ```suggestion
- b. Quorum for working group meetings requires at least fifty percent of Collaborators to be present. 
```

> - c. Except as provided in Section 7.c. and 8.a, decisions by vote at a meeting require a majority vote of those in attendance, provided quorum is met. Decisions made by electronic vote without a meeting require a majority vote of all voting members of the working group.

Reviewer: This needs to be more specific. "voting members of the working group" should be "Collaborators," IMO.

> - c. Except as provided in Section 7.c. and 8.a, decisions by vote at a meeting require a majority vote of those in attendance, provided quorum is met. Decisions made by electronic vote without a meeting require a majority vote of all voting members of the working group.

Author: ```suggestion
- c. Except as provided in Section 7.c. and 8.a, decisions by vote at a meeting require a majority vote of those in attendance, provided quorum is met. Decisions made by electronic vote without a meeting require a majority vote of Collaborators.
```
